hey what's going on YouTube forest I did
someone say a massive thank you to every
single one of you does either subscribed
or showing support because it really
means a lot to me so today I want to
talk about some of the things that we
all did when we were in primary school
you probably knew I was going to talk
about this because it's lat in the title
okay so the first thing that we all
experience where we're at school was
that magical crossover between the
standard pencil to the handwriting pen
I'm going to put this on the screen
right now you all have one of these
there's probably near sick when you got
blessed with the news that you can
actually use a pen instead of a pencil
you became an adult you're stepping into
the real world those defense buyer
number two is when you have those IT
lessons or whatever they call them
nowadays so obviously you were taught
how to use the boring stuff like
Microsoft Word when the teacher wasn't
merely I always used to go on to this
text to speech software and you knew
that when you are using that you are a
badass and you're also hilarious you are
really good there's one thing that
sticks in my mind I finger primary
school and that is sports day so if you
liked it or not you had to do it so when
you're about eight you for it was the
Olympics it was that big okay so that
was one of that way she used to do every
single year and that was the
egg-and-spoon race I was pretty I was
pretty good at it until one year when
this happened
okay looking back this one is just
retarded and that's the golden star
system what was that about do you know
the child the wall that has every name
on it and at the end of the week has got
the most stars got a little treat or
something and for me there was always
one kid which got it every time for the
purposes of this video and Colin Eduardo
I didn't like Eduardo so you got the
stars for the most ridiculous things so
the teacher told you to go get the
register from the office you gave you a
gold star for that imagine if your work
imagine if you're working your boss told
you to answer the phone and you answer
the phone and he gave you a gold star
although back then it was pretty
rewarding game that sir so this is
something that we all loved and it was
this this parachute was like you never
knew when you can use it next so when
you did use it you have to make the most
of the gorilla what this is it's a
massive parachute and all the kids kind
of like span around it and hold it and
then when the teacher tells you to you
lift up and everybody just runs an e-fit
it doesn't make sense but it was really
fun I think we all had and had to wear
was a school uniform some people say
they're quite cute not me i reckon i
look like a massive let me just
show you a photo click of what I look
like check out that red jumper it's so
embarrassing these things are just stuff
but never ever happen in real life when
do you ever ask anybody if you can go to
the toilet yeah primary school you have
to put your hand up something that kind
of make sense the children but teachers
told you to carry scissors round like
this so you can't stab yourself or stab
anybody else because apparently it
always happened if you didn't carry it
like this and now I'm like and finally I
say the thing that we all went to and
that was the school disco there were
absolutely mad I mean they have those
absolute I in Chains like Bob the
Builder plane to get the party started
and you'll definitely the coolest kid if
you knew all the steps of the judge a
slight don't forget the refreshments bar
because everybody just loved it oh yeah
I can have two shots of black currant
juice and it I'm a line of this sherbet
after one too many share the dip ducks
you'll be running around the school ball
like a monkey in a zoo yeah you can't
forget that breakdown think it there's
always a breakdancing kid aren t you had
one of those in your school disco you
just laid on a for basically spinning
around trying to impress all the ladies
think that just them
a bit too cool okay guys that's it for
this week's video and if you enjoyed
this please remember to give it a big
thumbs up and why don't you come and
comment down below anything that you
used to do when you're at school to
remember to subscribe if you're new
peace out boom